Go to the abandoned square in July
Today is your day of death
Downstairs adults
This soldier is now a celestial master
Not easy to deal with
My subordinates are still with you, I don't have it.
You stay here to protect Xiaoyu and the others
A mere ambush
I have enough for one day
Count the money
no minister
I've been waiting for you for a long time.
Ding
Tiansha Star
You hurt innocent and sinful people
In fact, I will personally take you out
The former futile life seeks justice
Hahahaha
You and I can't get rid of the Tianshi sword.
What will you get rid of me with?
Today I want to see if you are the best gambler today
Or am I Xuantiangong of the Chu family better?
Then I will today
Fight with you
You can't beat me on a business trip